Hello. I make Thai Coffee Vintage today.
coffee paper bags.
First. Add powder coffee 8 Table spoon into pot.
next.
Fill boiled Water into pot.
must boiled water only Because it make powder coffee have a good taste and smell more than cold water.
pour coffee water switch 3 times
You can buy powder coffee from convinience store or super market near your home.
It have many brands. if you like taste or brand who can buy it.
My shop order Special formula coffee powder.
Add sugar 3 tea spoons into glass.
Fill coffee water 1/2 glass.
Let do it.
add milk into glass each 1.5 - 2 Oz.
Stir well
This is Thai Coffee Vintage sweet and good smell.
Pour coffee into plastic bags.
It perfect for summer.
We get Thai coffee 1 bag.
If you want bitter sweet, you can decrease sugar or milk.
Finally If you like this tutorail clip.Please subscribes and share this clip to your social network.
Thank you for watching